Link to DB Options page added (#2202)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-on-prem/kubernetes-on-windows.md

This deployment is NOT designed for production use or performance testing. The Tyk Pro Docker Demo is our full, [Self-Managed]({{< ref "/content/tyk-self-managed/install.md" >}}) solution, which includes our Gateway, Dashboard and analytics processing pipeline. 

> This demo will run Tyk On-Premises on your machine, which contains 5 containers: Tyk Gateway, Tyk Dashboard, Tyk Pump, Redis and either MongoDB or one of our supported [SQL Databases] (https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-dashboard/database-options/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo will run Tyk On-Premises on your machine, which contains 5 containers: Tyk Gateway, Tyk Dashboard, Tyk Pump, Redis and either MongoDB or one of our supported [SQL Databases] ({{< ref "/tyk-dashboard/database-options/ >}}).
```

Author: Sorry, fixed before I saw your suggested change.  To fix I instead removed the space between [text] and (URL), similar to other links on this docs page

Reviewer: you can just commit my suggestion

> This demo will run Tyk On-Premises on your machine, which contains 5 containers: Tyk Gateway, Tyk Dashboard, Tyk Pump, Redis and either MongoDB or one of our supported [SQL Databases] (https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-dashboard/database-options/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo will run Tyk On-Premises on your machine, which contains 5 containers: Tyk Gateway, Tyk Dashboard, Tyk Pump, Redis and either MongoDB or one of our supported [SQL Databases] ({{< ref "/tyk-dashboard/database-options/ >}}).
```

Author: @letzya Suggestion made manually since Commit didn't work
